REVIEW: Tape work well
REVIEW: I used the duct tape to do some repairs and the tape worked great plus added some colors where I needed it.
REVIEW: Perfect for color coding boxes during moving!
REVIEW: I bought this for my grandson to use for all of his projects.
REVIEW: Great product!
REVIEW: Great product
REVIEW: Works great for duct tape crafts we bought it for!
REVIEW: quality product - quick delivery - reasonable price - rolls not very thick
REVIEW: Yup, it's good tape
REVIEW: Great for moving. I used a different color for each room. Better quality than expected. I still have a lot left and i move an entire house.
REVIEW: I'm a bit disappointed in this tape, the glue is very stringy and it's not very sticky.
REVIEW: It’s great for DIYs. Wish it had more on the roll. Other then that it’s great.
REVIEW: I love my colored duct tape!  A friend was visiting and saw it and now she's going to order some too!  :-)
REVIEW: There's a lot of duct tapes in the world and they mostly do bad-ass tough work.  Because of this they are horrifically sticky with gross edges and incredibly hard to tear.<br /><br />This stuff ain't that stuff.  This GatorCrafts duct tape tears easily for adults and cuts easily with scissors for kids.  The tape isn't super gluey, so the scissors don't get gunked up.  You can put it on clothes and it sticks very well but it comes off without a mark.  I've only had this stuff for a day, but the sides of the tape aren't resinous with bled out glue.<br /><br />My kid makes bad-ass crafts and this stuff seems to be up to snuff.  Comparable to "Duck" brand duct tape, but maybe more craft friendly.
REVIEW: All good.
REVIEW: Excellent!
REVIEW: This was perfect. We bought it to go with a duct tape project book and the color variety and price were just what we were looking for. Shipping was on time and packaging was great. I’m sure we’ll be repeat customers!! Thank you!
REVIEW: I bought a set of this tape and went back to buy more.  The colors are vibrant and the tape sticks well!
REVIEW: Just what I needed!
REVIEW: Love the colors. Great price and product.
REVIEW: Gave to son for a birthday gift! It's perfect! Great color selection. Very pleased with purchase, and would highly recommend.
REVIEW: Our order was promptly received as expected.
REVIEW: Needed the Duct tape for a project and it is perfect for what I needed it for.  Fast shipping and great response time.
REVIEW: These are great for crafts.  They are a little but easier to read than regular duct tape, but still stick well.
REVIEW: The tape is super colorful and very easy to use!!
REVIEW: Good product!
REVIEW: Easy to tear pieces off. I used these to color code moving boxes. Each room had a color. They worked great and the truck unloaders appreciated knowing where boxes needed to be placed.
REVIEW: It looks fine.  It's a Christmas stocking stuffer for a child that duct tapes everything so I'm sure it will be fine!
REVIEW: Bought this for my 8 yo daughter and she is having a blast creating all Sorts of things like accessories for her dolls.
REVIEW: My daughter used the tape to decorate her classroom. She loves the bright cheery colors. Very easy to use.
REVIEW: Love it!!!
REVIEW: Exactly what I was looking for!
REVIEW: We used this ducttape to make sit-upons for girl scouts. The girls ages 7-10 were mostly able to rip the tape themselves. Younger girls needed some help (as one would expect). So far so good.
REVIEW: My daughters are into making rose pens out of masking tape. I bought these to try them out, I love the colors however the adhesive is not as strong as we would like it to be. After completing their rose craft the tape begins to come off. I will be using the tape for other uses besides crafting.
REVIEW: I like the quality
REVIEW: I am impressed at how easy this is to tear & it sticks well to products! Not to mention the fun colors.
REVIEW: I used this to color code our boxes for our move.  The tape stayed stuck on the boxes and had to be cut through with scissors even after sitting in a hot pod storage unit in the Deep South summer heat.  I was very pleased with it.  I have a ton left and we had many, many boxes.  I only used about 2-4 inch strips per box, to be fair.  The colors were vibrant: pink, orange, yellow, green, blue, and purple.
REVIEW: It sticks great to paper boxes, totes and on top of other moving tape.<br />The colors are bright and beautiful. Even TMO liked it. lol<br />I ran out of orange on the last two boxes. Orange was master bed + bath. All other colors are still not finished even tho I thought I’ll run out of baby girls pink first. Ha!<br />Great tape. Highly recommend
REVIEW: I needed this colored tape for a specific art project. It met with all the requirements needed. Great colors. Great quality and easy to use.
REVIEW: Colors are bright.
REVIEW: Used for a move to mark boxes n rooms. Worked great!
REVIEW: I love the colors and the easy of use. I could tear it and it dries clean. Sadly I ran out of purple but a very excellent product. Thank you
REVIEW: works for my purpose.  I tape styrofoam coffee cups for puppies hat to tell them apart after cropping.
REVIEW: Works as expected. Great colors
REVIEW: Great color selection for my daughters duct tape crafts!
REVIEW: GREAT!!!
REVIEW: Cute tape I bought for moving boxes—organize color for each room. THE TAPE DOESN'T STAY ON! Defeats the purpose, doesn’t it?  Boo!
REVIEW: I bought this tape to wrap my equestrian trot polls with. It came off after a week or two. May work well for indoor use.
REVIEW: Used this to color code Rubbermaid boxes for a storage unit. I was extremely surprised at how well it stuck to the boxes. I only had one issue with the tape sticking and that was because the box had some kind of residue on it. I used LA awesome to clean the bin and then put the tape on and it worked.<br /><br />You get a lot of tape in this bundle. I was looking for colored duct tape in stores and cheapest I found was $3 a roll. Purchased this bundle for $13.<br /><br />When cutting the tape, don’t peel it first and then cut. You are going to ruin your scissors that way. Take your scissors, open them and used it similar to a razor blade when cutting strips on the roll, then peel the tape and it will rip right off with no strings.
REVIEW: I labeled different spray bottles with the color coded duct tape from you guys. Was just what I was looking for! Good price point also.  Keep up the good work!!
REVIEW: Exactly as expected, good for crafts/decoration, colours match photo, reasonably sticky
REVIEW: This tape is awesome for streamlining a move and organizing your boxes quickly. The 6 colors gave me 1 color per room and held boxes together fine.
REVIEW: The quality of the tape and adhesive seems good, especially in light of the reasonable price. The multiple colors are bright and handy for a variety of uses.
REVIEW: This tape did not stick to itself at all. I used it to wrap styrofoam rings and it came undone. Totally worthless.
REVIEW: Great quality and vibrant colors. I use duct tape in my special ed classroom to clearly identify items because it holds up so well.
REVIEW: This tape is awesome. Super bright colors And it’s very strong . super sticky! I will definitely reorder!!
REVIEW: Multiple colors and reasonably priced
REVIEW: Perfect for my craft
REVIEW: I'm a color person. Colors make me happy. And bright colors help identify and find items. So far I have used the tape to secure padding on crutches (Seahawks colors), brighten up a black checkbook that is hard to find in my purse, tape black battery chargers for cell phones. The tape seems to be high quality and the price was very reasonable.<br />Addendum: I like the duct tape so much that I reordered it. Besides using it as usual duct tape, I found found other ways to utilize it. We have a step down area on our back deck that a few people have tripped down as they didn't notice it. The yellow duct tape I applied lasted all year long, in spite to being exposed too the weather in the Seattle area.
REVIEW: Great colors and stuck well to sidewalk and pavement.
REVIEW: After waiting forever to get this product and paying an exorbitant amount of money (they have colored actual duct tape at the Dollar Tree and 99 Cent store, I discovered), it arrived and -- it WASN'T duct tape! It's a masking tape material, not plasticy or shiny like duct tape, and it doesn't have the same stick or durability as duct tape. That was the only reason I paid that much money for tape! So much so, that I immediately went to check my Amazon orders to see if I made a mistake and misread the item... Nope. Please don't mislead buyers by saying it's a duct tape when we expect a certain quality by that statement. Very disappointed. The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because I'm sure I'll use it for some craft with my students, and it does have very bright colors just like the photos (just no shine or long-lasting stick).
REVIEW: Used it to label boxes during our move.  Worked great!
REVIEW: I'm using these to color code moving boxes. The colors are easy to see. Best of all, it's easy to tear off pieces.
REVIEW: Product doesn't cost too much.<br />Economical and practical needs for my work place
REVIEW: It was easy to make a clean tear with my hands. I used them to color coordinate my move. Worked like a charm!
REVIEW: I used this for a kid's bday party yo make pompom shooters. Worked fabulously!
REVIEW: Rips good… sticks good… bright colors…<br /><br />What more do you want?  We used it for labeling moving boxes. Works better than other brands I’ve used.  Only complaint and I’m not even taking a star off for it is that there isn’t much on a roll. But they tell you how much is on the roll when you buy it. If you need a bunch buy two packs.
REVIEW: This tape is great for making colorful projects. This was used to re-enforce privacy folders and did exactly what I needed it to.
REVIEW: Strong enough. The colors are bright and looks good.
REVIEW: In the past we have written the room name our boxes were to go in when moving.Needless to say the movers,instead of reading the box would all stop and ask where each box went.This frustrated me and them as it really slowed the process.This move I put a piece of colored duct tape on every box with a corresponding piece of tape on the doorway of each room.I had a small map on the front door also marked by which color was which room.They were able to put the boxes in the correct rooms MUCH more easily and accurately.It's so much easier to unpack when the boxes are in the right room.
REVIEW: Autistic grandson
REVIEW: Great product. Helped organize my move
REVIEW: I needed some neon colored duct tape for my classroom and this product fit the bill. The tape arrived right on time and is exactly what is pictured. I received a good amount of duct tape for a reasonable price. Very satisfied!
REVIEW: Used it for exactly what I needed and a great price.
REVIEW: Perfect for my purposes. I’m using it to separate luggage for a field trip so it needs to stand out and stick to a variety of surfaces.
REVIEW: Great duct tape. Does what it’s supposed to do.
REVIEW: Love the vibrant colors!
REVIEW: Loved the vibrant colors of the tape.  Adhered very well.
REVIEW: Good tape.  Works like you’d expect.  There’s less on a roll than on the solid colored name brand at my local store, so I’m not sure these are the great value they originally appeared.  You need to do the math to figure price per yard.  Other than that the tape is durable and stuck well to cardboard boxes.  We used it to color code boxes by room for our move.
REVIEW: Used to paint a checkerboard and the lines came out perfect.
REVIEW: So far it works great. I'll be waiting to see how enduring it is.
REVIEW: I can not answer this as it is a Christmas gift. So sorry. They look fine.
REVIEW: They are using these for cardboard and cardstock building crafts.  Very colorful and good quality.
REVIEW: Bright colors and excellent adhesion
REVIEW: colorful tape. Very little tape on the rolls. Not a good value.
REVIEW: Thank you! This is a good product at a reasonable price.
REVIEW: Good product. Very sticky of course. I taped my shoes to my feet for a mud race and got my shoe stuck in the mud. That shoe was NOT coming off without my leg. It took 4 friends to get my leg out, but the tape held great! 😂🤣
REVIEW: Packing up for a move and using the different colors for different rooms to make it easier for the movers. I love the bright colors.
REVIEW: Great Product!<br />Great Service!<br />Arrived just as promised!<br />Thank you!
REVIEW: I loved the color selection and the price point was great! I made pencil pouches for my kindergarteners with ziplock baggies covered in the tape.
REVIEW: I'm using these for many projects, and have been generally satisfied. My only gripe is that colored duct tape, especially when thick (like these) do not wrap around surfaces well. If you use these on a flat surface you'll be fine, but once you start turning ... won't hold - just too thick. PS - The tape tears perfectly straight.
REVIEW: It's great duct tape. My daughter crafts with these. Big thumbs up!
REVIEW: I give it a 4 star only because there wasn't enough take to do the project I wanted to do. However I guess that's more my fault for not measuring right. Overall, very pleased. Will but again.
REVIEW: Purchased and had it shipped to someone else but I have been told it's durable and is working well for projects.
REVIEW: Perfect for my 1st grade classroom!
REVIEW: Great value for the money!
REVIEW: Good to find rainbow colored tape so cheap but it is kind of cheap. My rainbow was easily removed by not-so-accepting neighbours
REVIEW: Great colors for intended use.  Adheres to carpet but pulls up easily with no residue when done.
REVIEW: My kids love it! The colors, ease of use, (cutting the tape), the adhesion! Great price too!
REVIEW: The tape was good. We used it to color code our moving boxes. The only thing was it ran out faster than I expected.
REVIEW: Products work as intended. Sturdy and colorful.
REVIEW: Kids love it. Arrived on time.
REVIEW: great tape
REVIEW: I bought this tape to wrap my equestrian trot polls with. It came off after a week or two. May work well for indoor use.
REVIEW: Does not stick to itself very well. If you tear it with ur hands it does not tear stright.
REVIEW: The colours are vibrant and bright
REVIEW: Does what is supposed to do
REVIEW: Bright colors - perfect for decorative marking.  Used for show choir themes.
REVIEW: Cheap duct tape. As expected.
REVIEW: Used them to color code my moving boxes!
REVIEW: Pure colors
REVIEW: you get what you pay for. i regret buying tape that isn't sticky
REVIEW: Excellent product, true to colors. Tears easily.
REVIEW: I love the  Duck tape u can use it for everything and the colors super 👍🏻<br />Ty M.P.:)
REVIEW: We used this duct tape for camp and it was very durable for the price.
REVIEW: Great tape and good quantity amount - I am using them to label boxes for moving, and they served the purpose well.
REVIEW: Was not duct tape but scotch tape
REVIEW: Great value. Easy to cut, strong tape. Love the colors. We used to build a fort for my son with cardboard boxes and worked great!!!
REVIEW: Tape is fine, but, the clear packaging was stuck to the rolls of colored tape. Took 5 minutes to remove the simple packaging. An avoidable hassle.
REVIEW: Waste of my money as a teacher. Picture speaks for itself.
REVIEW: I used the set to color coordinate my boxes by room and it certainly helped maintain order with the whole process. Definitely recommend if your intended use was similar to mine.
REVIEW: Exactly as described
REVIEW: It’s good tape and works well for the purpose I am using it for.
REVIEW: It was thinner than I thought it would be but turns out that’s better because it’s so easy to cut and use.  No problem with it sticking on anything.
REVIEW: So I ordered these to decorate my daughters scooter, she got a black one and wanted to but rainbow colors , these were perfect minus the red( it doesn’t come with red). Do note that after 2 days I notice it’s opening up, so I went over it with clear duct tape to seal it.. so depending on your project they are very pretty colors.
REVIEW: I seem to find uses for duct tape quite frequently. But hate slapping that awful gray or black on things.  These bright colors are wonderful and lo0k so much better.  I gave he adhesion 4 stars because it does stick to some surfaces but overall it's a 5.  I got the tape quickly  - it came early. And you can't bear the price.
REVIEW: This tape is very sticky, easy to rip and stays on great! I would recommend it!
REVIEW: Works great for marking the floor.
REVIEW: good
REVIEW: I was pleasantly surprised how robust this tape is and how vivid the colors are.<br />Great product
REVIEW: Its not the greatest tape, but it definitely worked for my purpose... Of torturing my family. Lol. Christmas presents will be great to watch them unwrap this year. It tears clean with minimal strings, and the colors are very fun and vibrant. Not a very strong adhesive tho so if you're looking for a heavy duty tape, this isnt the stuff for you but if you're crafting, its great! I'd buy it again
REVIEW: Works well. Sticks like a charm.
REVIEW: Used for classroom journals & folders. Tears easy, and only place I could find six colors in one batch!!
REVIEW: disappointed. Purchased to use for packing moving boxes to label different rooms. The tape would not stay stuck to cardboard boxes. Ended up having to use other tape.
REVIEW: Totally satisfied
REVIEW: Loved the bright colors, easy to tear and use!
REVIEW: Loved the bright colors, easy to tear and use!
REVIEW: I used it to organize various household amentities, it is brightly coloured and seems to stick just fine. No complaints, especially for the price. Good job.
REVIEW: I bought this tape to label boxes for a move. I like the bright colors, and I was happy with the adhesive and durability of the tape.
REVIEW: Such funs colors! Easy to use
REVIEW: Good 60 yards of duct tape. Or duck tape? People seem to like the color when they get around to noticing that part of their predicament....
REVIEW: As a teacher, I used this product to label notebooks. It worked perfectly. I could tear it without using scissors, which is a huge plus when labeling 5 notebooks per kid x's 30 kids! Thanks again!
REVIEW: This product is exactly as represented.  The quality appears to be excellent.  It sticks perfectly to the surface we have chosen.
REVIEW: I haven't had this much fun with duct tape since my granddaughter tied up her toy donkey with it.
REVIEW: Used colored tape on moving boxes to direct boxes to specific rooms, without having to locate information printed on the box.  This worked very well. Efficient and just posted a key indicating which color represented which room, i.e. yellow=kitchen.
REVIEW: Various colors of duct tape, very good tape.
REVIEW: I loved the bright colors for my art room. The adhesive quality was good too.
REVIEW: Awesome ordered more and color coordinated all moving boxes
REVIEW: Great for Crafts! Would buy again.
REVIEW: Absolutely beautiful tape, but come off quickly.  That makes it kind of useless.
REVIEW: Adhesive is good and sticky. Nice array of colors. Great for marking boxes.
REVIEW: It doesn't adhere as well as it should.  It can only be torn crosswise, not lengthwise.
REVIEW: Exactly as pictured. Perfect for my craft acticuty.
REVIEW: I bought this to use to mark the corner of moving boxes. Each room has it's own color and there is the perfect amount on each roll for this process. It was also a great value because I didn't need to buy larger rolls of each of the same colors (which would have been a LOT more $$) and it came quickly via Prime. I appreciate that it peels back easily from the roll and doesn't pull and distort like the name brand can. This adheres well, too. Very pleased with the product and will order more if I have more moving boxes than I realized and even for future crafting!
REVIEW: Great product for a great price!<br />Bought this to decorate swim team yard signs and it worked perfectly.
REVIEW: This duct tape was perfect for our project. We had to create a unicorn from duct tape and card board and these colors helped pull it off! It was colorful and the tape held up during the rain and on ice!
REVIEW: This is exactly what I was looking for. I'm using this tape to color code our moving boxes. Duct tape brand was very expensive so I purchased this instead. It's very sticky and easy to unwrap from the roll. It isn't as hard to get a strip started after you find the end. Absolutely perfect for what I needed!
REVIEW: Beautiful and bright colors!
REVIEW: it's colorful
REVIEW: Worked great
REVIEW: Love these! They were perfect and exactly what I needed
REVIEW: I love the vibrant colors! This duct tape work great for what I needed it for! Great buy!
REVIEW: comes loose in humidity
REVIEW: nice bright colors even a blind person can see
REVIEW: GREAT COLORS!
REVIEW: Colors are bright and pop. But tape just doesn’t stick as well as I would expect.
REVIEW: I used it for my quad copter so I could keep better track of which side was facing me. It doesn't grip great around compound curves, but I'm not sure what tape would. I just learned to stay away from those spots. My greatest disappointment was that the pink color tape shown in the sales photo was accurate. I was hoping it was just a bad photo and the tape was really red. Alas, it is pink as advertised. I'm pleased with this product and it has worked well for purpose I purchased it for.
REVIEW: I used to help kerp things organized for a move. Every person got his own color for his stuff and then each major area (kitchen, living room, bathrooms, garage) had a color too. Helps so much instead of writing on each box. Just a little tape on two of the corners on each box with the folor showing on each side, made it easy to identify which box goes to what area of the house. Thanks so much!
REVIEW: Great colors, no scissors needed! I’m using them to color code boxes for moving, and they’re vibrant and well-adhering. Definitely recommend.
REVIEW: We used the duct tape to cover foam Coozi's  to make water bottle holders. The adhesive is very strong. We had to be very careful not to let the tape get stuck together. Great product.
REVIEW: This set of tape, was colorful, easy to tear, and had great adhesion.  Was perfect for the nefarious use my fantasy football group purchased it for, and will also be perfect for the kids to use.  😉
REVIEW: Great product!!
REVIEW: Used this on the carpet in my classroom to keep desks in place.
REVIEW: Great product!
REVIEW: Worked well
REVIEW: We used this to cover staples in elementary students sketchbooks in art class. Awesome product, easy to rip (for adults:).
REVIEW: Came on time and easy to use.
REVIEW: Came in a six color variety. Easy to tear, nice and bright for color coordinated moving.
REVIEW: Worked okay for me.
REVIEW: This Duct tape is strong and colorful. So many things I can fix and/or decorate and create with this assortment !
REVIEW: Colors are gorgeous, but tape did not stick to pool noodle. The tape does not stick to itself. Easy to tear.
REVIEW: I ordered this set for my daughter’s college protect. She said it worked well and everyone loved all the bright colors. She’s promised to bring me the leftovers because I’m sure I can find a project for this tape.
REVIEW: Using these bright colored duct tape for organizing boxes.  Works great@
REVIEW: It came quickly and was exactly what we needed.
REVIEW: Bought this tape to use on a tile floor at a school. Made a “do not enter” pattern on floor of doorway( made with school colors) I cleaned the floor first then applied tape. So far the tape has been durable especially with the amount of feet traveling over it each day. The colors of the tape are vibrant and really nice. I would buy again.
REVIEW: The yellow is somewhat translucent and the color was odd. It has more of an orange hue. All in all it got the job done but it’s not the best quality. I had a hard time cutting the tape as well, and unlike duct tape you can’t just rip it off.
REVIEW: I'm using these colored tapes to color code for moving. These tapes are heavy and seem to be long lasting but I've just started to use them so time will tell.
REVIEW: Works well, very sticky
REVIEW: Love the colors
REVIEW: Exactly as pictured and exactly what I needed.
REVIEW: Love these ! So easy to rip and the hold is great
REVIEW: Bought for my 7 year old grandson, so many things you can make with tape.
REVIEW: The tape is very sticky and tears easily laterally.
REVIEW: I used it for labeling boxes for moving.<br />Zone by zone color coded.
REVIEW: Made a surfboard turned out great!
REVIEW: Just what I was looking for.  The colors look just like the picture.  It works great! We use duct tape for a busy kennel to label all their items.  Sometimes they come back numerous times and the first label is still there!
REVIEW: We needed different colors to label<br />Moving boxes and then have worked out really well.
REVIEW: the colors are vibrant and the tape is surprisingly strong even though it is an off brand!
REVIEW: Was  very pleased with this duct tape. I use it to color code my books for reading levels.
REVIEW: Very colorful,  easy to see with a variety of colors.
REVIEW: Good deal this stuff
REVIEW: I bought for kid crafts and they kids love the colors and the tape holds up well
REVIEW: Love the colors!
REVIEW: We ordered these for our summer day camp crafts.  The kids love the multiple colors, they work as they should and they were a good price.  THANKS!
REVIEW: Is this a joke? I got sucked in by the pretty colors but this tape does not stick! My blue painter's tape holds better but I wanted duct tape. Stick to the gray one and know it holds. Quack!
REVIEW: I used these to help me move, mostly for color coding each box to a corresponding room in the next apartment. The tape does NOT stick very well and will not hold boxes together on their own, so dont trust it unless you wrap the box all the way around in tape; there doesnt seem to be enough for doing that to every box anyway. It sticks about as well as painter's tape. BUT these have easy to see neon colors, except the purple but that's distinctively its own color too, and these served their purpose. Better than post-it notes, that's for sure. However, I have found the re-stickability of this tape to have been useful as well.
REVIEW: Good quality tape; reminds me of the National brand used in the USA for a multitude of applications that could be called ‘quack tape’; only the actual name begins with a D.
REVIEW: These colors are great. My only complaint is that the rolls stick together and to other items if placed on their sides.
REVIEW: Ok
REVIEW: The colors are brilliant, the tape adheres smoothly and sticks very well.  There is a little wriggle room to<br />adjust, but you need to make sure you are applying the tape exactly where you want.
REVIEW: Great colors
REVIEW: I am using it in the classroom to label student notebooks. Small strip (~3 inches) of tape that curls around the binding of a composition book. We've had no trouble with peeling, despite rough student use. Notebooks are falling apart, but the tape is still there!!
REVIEW: Good value
REVIEW: Quick delivery.  Product was as pictured.  Good Price.
REVIEW: Very nice. Great adhesion.
REVIEW: Does the job when duct tape required.  Nice variation in colors.
REVIEW: I used the tape to make a candy slide for Halloween it was a easy project and very pretty when I finished the kids loved it and I was able to let kids trick or treat safely
REVIEW: Great colors ... using outside ...
REVIEW: fun colors. great for crafts. stickiness issues with smaller pieces of tape, especially around corners.
REVIEW: Love the colors and quality
REVIEW: Great for color coding boxes when moving
REVIEW: easy to tear and seems to stick well to most surfaces.
REVIEW: Haven"t used the duct tape yet, so I can't really rate its adhesion and ease of use.  My husband is going to use the tape for marking participants in an upcoming youth activity.  We are hoping it will fit the bill.
REVIEW: Amazing product!  Great seller, will be buying more.
REVIEW: I'm going to use them to label boxes for my moving. These were perfect for that. Red= Bedroom Green= living room ...etc
REVIEW: Happy with product!
REVIEW: Great product
REVIEW: I like the size and color of each roll.  I used the tape to label totes in child’s playroom.
REVIEW: Bought this duct tape for use in my classroom, as a way to separate and differentiate student spirals and help them get back to where they belong. It has worked really well for keeping up with everyones things and has held up against some pretty rough middle schoolers.
REVIEW: I used these to label boxes when moving. They worked great, but this is not the kind of tape that you can make a mistake with. Once you stick it to the box you can’t lift it back up to adjust it or it will never stick again.
REVIEW: I bought this for my son to go along with a book on duct tape craft projects. It was the perfect addition!
REVIEW: We purchased this for duct tape crafting. It's just what we needed and works really well. The colors are nice and bright.
REVIEW: I used the duct tape to do some repairs and the tape worked great plus added some colors where I needed it.
REVIEW: Love it!
REVIEW: It’s colored duct tape. It does just as its supposed to do. I’m using it to label workbooks in my classroom. Works just fine.
REVIEW: It was for my kids--they love tape, it is keeping them from raiding my supply as they come up with more projects during "stay at home" orders.
REVIEW: Very happy with my beautifully colored ductape. Great quality and prompt service by Zoey Supplies. I look forward to doing business with them again.
REVIEW: This tape sticks things together.
REVIEW: Love these colors!! They are perfect for our arts and crafts for our kids!
REVIEW: I will use this duct tape in my classroom when my student and I can finally return to school. The duct tape is bright and colorful, and sturdy. It will be used to mark subject areas and resources throughout my 2nd grade classroom.
REVIEW: I am a teacher and I used this tape as borders for my posters and signs.  I even made a tape rainbow!
REVIEW: mall amount on each roll
REVIEW: Like this product. Have used it on multiple projects and holds like described.
REVIEW: Great for crafts
REVIEW: Just what I needed!
REVIEW: We are moving and I wanted to use different colors of tape to mark boxes so I ordered this variety pack. It’s exactly what I needed! The tape tears off without needing scissors and the colors are very true to the picture. Excellent purchase!
REVIEW: Its ok
REVIEW: Great value for the money!
REVIEW: Needed some for projects with kids. Love the colours, adheres very well; a bit difficult to get a clean cut but in the end it doesn't matter, our project looked great. Would order more if they came in cool patterns.
REVIEW: I don't leave many reviews, but I was really impressed with the quality of this tape.  Don't get me wrong, I truly believe that many generic items for the home are just as good as the name brand version, however there are a few products in which only name brands will do - (toilet paper, mixed nuts and tape).  At least that's what I thought until I bought this product...it's exactly like 3M tape but a lot less money.<br />I will definitely think twice before buying 3M tape again now that I've tried Gator tape.  I have both brands in my office now, and  I can't see a difference!
REVIEW: Does not remove very easily, left sticky on truck. Gotta buy sticky remover now. Other than that, love them colors.
REVIEW: Worth every penny
REVIEW: I ship out packages a lot and these ae a colorful way to seal the boxes and packages. Awesome tape!
REVIEW: exactly what I was looking for to mark out 6 foot distances on the floor. Worked perfectly
REVIEW: Great buy!
REVIEW: These work great foe color coding boxes for our move.
REVIEW: Really great for tagging dive equipment to stand out. I thought the rolls would be a bit fuller; kind of seem like a half roll. All in all great price, colors and adhesion!
REVIEW: For the use of making box houses to play in, this tape works great.
REVIEW: Great product!
REVIEW: needed bright vibrant colors visible in low light..these were perfect
REVIEW: A little hard to tear off and very sticky so nearly impossible to cut with scissors. But good stick and worked great for my project.
REVIEW: I always order this type as it meets my needs.
REVIEW: I've been looking a long time for such bright colored duct tape this one definitely did the job and the adhesive as strong as can be thank you very much
REVIEW: EXACTLY what I needed and what I was looking for. I teach 6 class periods and used the tape to color code their interactive notebooks
REVIEW: Product as described
REVIEW: It’s a roll of tape... what do you want me to say? The colors are bright
REVIEW: Easy to use, and brightened up what otherwise would have been a boring project
REVIEW: The rolls of tape are so bright! Like all duct tape, super sticky and relatively easy to use. Definitely a great value.
REVIEW: Great for kids projects and schools, we use it all the time!  It's a great price and the product is awesome!
REVIEW: This isn't duck tape-brand duct tape. The adhesive is spotty and the tape is thin, cheap and flimsy. Fine for kids' project but expect mild frustration when the tape doesn't perform the way we have come to expect with Duck Tape.
REVIEW: Fast shipping, beautiful colors
REVIEW: Taped worked in labeling various physical contents.
REVIEW: Bought this to use for our business to hang up signs. Great product easy to use and durable. Love the variety of colors. Will purchase again.
REVIEW: Bright colors great for art project
REVIEW: Tape had a sticky side and a not sticky side. Held finge boxes together very well.  Very effective product.
REVIEW: Very pleased with the selection and with the delivery time. When I need more I will be ordering again
REVIEW: So we are using the tape in Fastbay on boxes.  The replen cases that we have that we cannot tape and put in the flow racks, we use the colored tape around boxes to put product in.  The tape is very durable and the colors are good for what we need it for.<br /><br />SanMar
REVIEW: I use this for marking things, and the yellow is fine for writing notes on (using a marking pen). The tapes are also nice for marking luggage so someone else does not pick it up by mistake at an airport.
REVIEW: Great buy. Helped organizing moving boxes  a color for each room.
REVIEW: We bought this to organize the boxes for our move and they worked wonderfully.<br />We have a ton left and will be using for a fun creative product soon.
REVIEW: Used this tape to color code boxes for move - pleased with this set!
REVIEW: This was great for my Grand-daughters. They loved the colors and we made pencil flowers. I also used some around trees for capturing Spotted Lantern Fly nymphs which are bad in our area now. Great adhesive properties!
REVIEW: Very nice quality. Colors look just like the picture. I’m very happy with this product. Rolls are not thin. You’ll have enough tape for your projects.
REVIEW: The colors help with my project, but the adhesive factor was very disappointing.
REVIEW: I liked this product.  I used the different colors to brighten up the pillars on a cat tower.
REVIEW: They were shipped fast. Using them to color code my moving boxes, so far working well! :)
REVIEW: It's just some brightly colored, really good tape!
REVIEW: Very sturdy tape and sticky!  Good product!
REVIEW: Works GREAT!!!
REVIEW: Gator Crafts NEW: Multi Colored Duct Tape is a good buy and the 6 roll pack shipped quickly, wrapped in cellophane.  I like the "stickiness" of this tape on fabric. I use mine to help me quilt straight lines on a project I am working on. The tape pulls from the fabric with ease, and without pulling the threads or leaving adhesive on the fabric.
REVIEW: The colors were fabulous. They do however come off when it gets a little wet
REVIEW: Tears easily and sticks great.
REVIEW: Easy to find in tool box
REVIEW: My granddaughter ordered these. She hasn't told me she's had any issues. I really cannot rate this.
REVIEW: heavier weight tape, easy to tear (no scissors required)!
REVIEW: Ordered by wife - Used for moving to separate moving boxes by colors. Sticks well also to plastic and cardboard, same material as duct tape but you can not write on it with permanent marker. It wipes right off. An ink pen may work better.
REVIEW: This tape is highly recommended. We made blocks with them for our son's birthday party. Looks super cute.
REVIEW: We used 2 to 3 inch strips to make moving boxes so movers knew which room to put boxes in. Worked geeat
REVIEW: Colorful and durable!
REVIEW: We are using the colors to label boxes that have to be stored.  Each color belongs to a room in the house.  That way when the boxes are pulled out of storage you know where to put it.
REVIEW: I liked everything, except how much plastic was used to package the product. Need to improve that.
REVIEW: We used it to pack up our house. Color coded the rooms and it made moving a little bit easier
REVIEW: Love all the bright colors, just what I was looking for!
REVIEW: I needed multiple colors of duct tape. This was exactly as pictured.
REVIEW: Love the colors! The tape arrived quickly and was a great value for the money. Will definitely purchase again 😊
REVIEW: Just what I wanted to brighten up some dog agility obstacles.
REVIEW: I don’t understand I was sent cheap masking tape.  It’s in no way like duct tape.  Very disappointed.
REVIEW: Great!
REVIEW: We used the duct tape for kids’ crafts.  My 9 year old granddaughter had no trouble using the tape.
REVIEW: Great that it is tearable. Eliminates sccissors for younger craters
REVIEW: The tape doesn't stick at all.  The different colors serve to label boxes, but then I need clear tape to seal them.
REVIEW: The tape is bright and vibrant! I bought it in hopes to label moving boxes, but even using sharpies it takes quite a while for ink to dry due to the texture of the tape.
REVIEW: Great product used to pack up the house. When moving. so each area got its own tape color so everything with yellow went to the kitchen. Everything was blue went to my one son's bedroom green went to my bedroom excetera. My wife also uses at work. Cuts it up in strips and puts it on different paperwork the color coded.
REVIEW: This was perfect for the project I had... I was even able to pull a strip off that was crooked and it went right back on.
REVIEW: I received masking tape and not duct tape. Plus the colors were not as bright as pictured.
REVIEW: Incredibly FAST shipping!!  Product exactly as described, very happy with purchase.
REVIEW: Good tape for color coding a move, but they do not stick very well so not useful for closing boxes.
REVIEW: Using these for making kids shield designs. Fun colors and easy to use.
REVIEW: Got this to help label and organize moving boxes, and love it. Seems to stick well and tears off really easily
REVIEW: Love this multi pack. I’ve ordered it before, and would order again. Works great, and is great value for the price.
REVIEW: Very vibrant colors. Exactly what I was looking for.
REVIEW: Great colors! Works wonderfully.
REVIEW: Bought these for an arts and crafts project at a camp and it worked great! Just what I needed and the kids loved the color options. The tape held well and is a great quality.
REVIEW: Arrived very quickly and does the job as intended. Great colors too
REVIEW: Love the colors and the tape works great. I used it to label boxes for moving and it was perfect.
REVIEW: Colors are bright.
REVIEW: Great value for the money!
REVIEW: Using this product to help color coordinate my classroom.
REVIEW: I used it for decorating a race van
REVIEW: Didn't stick to my project.
REVIEW: I used this for projects in arts and crafts classes. They were very strong and could be used for a variety of projects.
REVIEW: Stayed on cardboard boxes
REVIEW: I was initially concerned that this “craft” tape would not be as strong as real duck/duct tape, but this stuff is just as good and in a nice variety of colors. You can’t beat the price and it works great!
REVIEW: It is good quality.
REVIEW: i use the colored and printed disigns in my home for artistic reasons and for such as  patching up upholstery and packaging for the mail...it works just like other duct tapes...
REVIEW: This is a nicely colored thin paper tape similar to thin masking tape. I'm sure it would be great for adding color to kids projects but it is not duct tape! Come on guys not even close. Please change the description.
REVIEW: This was a gift to an middle school art teacher.  She loved the colors.
REVIEW: As described
REVIEW: Good
REVIEW: Perfect for classroom
REVIEW: Great product! I used this tape to tape the edges of science fair boards to make privacy folders for my 3rd graders.
REVIEW: Bought for packing and moving. Going with a color-coordinated system and these were perfect for that. There’s enough tape on each roll for what I need it for and it sticks great to cardboard and my carpet when I accidentally drop it. Haven’t tried it on smithing else. I am super happy with it, so I bought another set.
REVIEW: Used for a craft project and worked great.
REVIEW: Used this product for a cardboard robot costume for my boys. Worked our great both for securing and decorating. Thanks again!
REVIEW: Excellent assortment - vivid colors - quality product!!  Best set of tape for my classroom needs... Overall, I’m a highly satisfied customer.
REVIEW: Thank you
REVIEW: I use this colorful duct tape to lay down my extension cords at my scrapbooking events.
REVIEW: Great product. I bought this for my son he likes to color stuff and decorate so he used it for his frames for pictures.
REVIEW: Came very quick, exactly as described. Our church used it for Bible School Crafts. Worked great.
REVIEW: it does the job. the downside is that it cant to do an easy rip by hand.
REVIEW: But it’s a little flimsy to me. Maybe I’ve been spoiled by using the military’s 100 mph tape, which is durable enough for minor gear repairs in the field, sometimes holding up for years after you apply it. This tape would be just fine for most crafting projects and the like, but I wouldn’t use it on any of our camping gear, or on anything where I’d have to count on a good hold from it. Adding some texture and grip to a flower pot? Yeah, that will work. Temporarily affixing clear plastic on a car window that broke, far from home? I’d buy the good stuff from a military surplus store. This is strictly light-duty tape, but the colors are pretty and there are still a lot of possible uses for it. I just wish it was stronger.
REVIEW: Works just like the regular gray tape but much more fun and better looking.
REVIEW: Exactly what it needed.  Using them to color code  the levels in my classroom library. The tape is to cute too
REVIEW: Came as expected.  Good material, good service.
REVIEW: Nice tape, bright colors.  Since duct tape is inherently sticky along the sides, having the roles individually wrapped (even with a very thin plastic) would be nice.  I would definitely purchase again for another project.
REVIEW: Great profuct
REVIEW: IT STICKS TO YOU EVERY WHERE VERY ADHESIVE
REVIEW: This is more of a craft tape, not Duck tape as they have advertised.  Rather disappointed.
REVIEW: We bought this & a duct tape craft book for our granddaughter's 10th birthday. She's having a blast and loves all the colors. If she's happy, so are we.
REVIEW: I ordered the tapes to color-code boxes since I am packing to move. The tapes were brightly colored which will help a lot and they were good quality.  The price was good, too.  Thank you.
REVIEW: I used this tape for organization when moving. I assigned each room a color of tape, then I marked each box with the coinciding tape color. It made it easier to find things during unpacking, and it was nice to have all boxes in the right room from the start. Tape stuck great to my packing boxes. It was easy to tear with just my hands - no scissors needed.
REVIEW: The colors advertised were true and the application is great for this tape!
REVIEW: The colors are beautiful, I use the tape to color code jars  and packages of food that I freeze so that I can find it easily.<br />red- roast gravy,-blue-hamburger steak, stuffed pepper-orange, pork chops-yellow, etc.  The tape sticks really well. And I write on the outside of the freezer the colors and names of the foods. Below is a sample, but the names of the colors are colored which I couldn't do below. I color code other stuff as well-not just freezer stuff.<br /><br />F R I G I D A I R E  S H E L V E S  W H I R L P O O L  S H E L V E S<br /><br />1st SHELF  2nd SHELF  MEALS ALMOST READY<br />Bacon 🥓  not wrapped  stuffed peppers  ORANGE<br />Pork Chops  YELLOW  hamburger steak  BLUE
REVIEW: I used the tape to color code boxes for my classroom. They were perfect.
REVIEW: Like the various colors. Sturdy tape
REVIEW: I'm moving and want to color code my boxes and rooms.  This will do the trick!
REVIEW: I use these in my classroom for all kinds of projects. The kids love hanging their posters with extra punch. Some even trimmed the posters with it. Creative for the win!
REVIEW: Great duct tapes. Happy with my purchase!
REVIEW: Great price for a great product.
REVIEW: Good combination of colors. The stickiness is normal for duct tape--strong.
REVIEW: Excellent quality duct tape and the colors make it easy and fun to use...
REVIEW: Sticky and colorful. It works well for my toddlers craft projects
REVIEW: Very easy to rip off pieces. No scissors needed. Durable
REVIEW: Exactly what I hoped it would be.
REVIEW: Gave this pack to my granddaughter as a Christmas gift, to make stuff with. Keeps her busy due to the Corvid-19 crisis.
REVIEW: I'm very happy with this purchase.  Colors are vibrant, as shown in pictures, and quality is excellent.
REVIEW: great
REVIEW: Great
REVIEW: It’s pretty sturdy and has a good grip. We used this to tape up moving boxes. Although these aren’t recommended, it kept out boxes together.
REVIEW: My kids have suddenly turned all of our boxes into cars, boats, airplanes and shuttles so they’ve used up all the tape in the house and they love this tape for their imaginary adventures.
REVIEW: does NOT stay stuck like duct tape should!
REVIEW: My 6 year old grandson is a crafting nut. He asked for this for Christmas and was so happy to get it.
REVIEW: For the money, these tape rolls were a great buy. The colors are vivid and the tape is really easy to tear. Sometimes a little stringy bit would stay behind after tearing, but it was easy to cut or tear off. I did notice that the tape had a bit of trouble sticking to itself and cardboard. I taped some boxes and covered some flaps in the tape for a project, but I noticed that after 6 hours, little corners and edges of tape were loosening from where I’d placed them. I had to place clear packing tape over seams to secure the seal.
REVIEW: Colors were as advertised and the tape worked well for my purpose; which was to wrap around a pvc pipe for a prop for gymnasts to use as a drill. So far so good.
REVIEW: Just doesn't stick--to itself. I tried making crafts and the tape unstuck before the end of the day. Maybe there's certain surfaces it sticks to better. The tape looks and feels nice but simply doesn't stick.
REVIEW: n/a
REVIEW: Good quality, fun colors, very durable
REVIEW: Use this to move. Each color a different room, best thing ever.
REVIEW: This pack had great colors.  The tape was very sticky!
REVIEW: I loved that it came in six different colors. It was easy to tear with your hands, but it stuck really well too.
REVIEW: Na
REVIEW: As I am moving, I am using these colored duct tapes to identify the rooms where my boxes need to be positioned in my new home.  The movers will clearly find from the color on the box how to match the color on the door of each room.  The duct tapes are bright, sturdy and stick well on each box.  A great process with a great product!
REVIEW: This is just what I was hoping for. I am a teacher, and wanted it to reinforce IKEA cardboard magazine file boxes that students use for their school supplies. I was concerned it would take way too long to apply it to 28 boxes, but I was able to get them all done, in multiple colors, during one episode of 'Fixer Upper.' Will definitely recommend!
REVIEW: Great gift for our daughter, she will be a counselor at her summer camp and will use these for her group for activi8with a fun theme.
REVIEW: Beautiful colors! Noticed that to had slightly less sticking power than plain old gray duct tape from the hardware store.
REVIEW: Just used t/blue color to keep my blk metal grid office organizer from splitting. Just in time!
REVIEW: Thank you for your great product.
REVIEW: This tape is not sticky at all. It wrinkled and came unstuck within hours of applying.
REVIEW: Added these to my craft supplies.  Great colors, just what I was looking for.
REVIEW: Thanks
REVIEW: Came on time, sticky enough to stay on Chromebooks and steel. Sharpie doesn’t rub off once dry. Love the bright colors. I used it in my classroom to label chromebooks and the Chromecart.
REVIEW: Our family has moved more than 10 times in the past 10 years. The last two times, we used this method of color-coding the boxes by one of designating a color for a room. It saved us a LOT of time and if we ever move again, I'll be coming back for more of this stuff. It was used to seal boxes and at times to identify boxes that had already been sealed.<br /><br />It isn't quite as strong as typical duct tape, so I wouldn't use it for the whole box if using it for packing.<br /><br />I'd also recommend making a chart in the house you move into so movers can know the key for where to put what. If you found this review helpful, please feel free to click "helpful". :)
REVIEW: Product was as described. We are using it to mark packed boxes from different rooms during our move.
REVIEW: Colors are great. I used them to separate boxes into areas for moving. How’ve, they do not stick well at all. Some would, and some wouldn’t. Don’t buy if you need anything durable.
REVIEW: I used this on a craft project and a day later all the tape starred coming off and lifting up. Alot of hard work wasted. Looks good and is thick but doesnt stick
REVIEW: They are smaller rolls than I expected.
REVIEW: I used this tape to color code my center containers in my classroom. I loved the bright colors. The tape tore off the roll easily, but had great adhesion.
REVIEW: I love this stuff.  It is very sturdy, colorful, and I can shape it just  a bit as needed.  It is very good quality and just as described.  Will use it again and again.
REVIEW: I am color coding moving boxes and this works great on all of my cardboard boxes  and plastic containers.
REVIEW: Great product quick delivery
REVIEW: On time exactly as expected
REVIEW: I have purchased this tape quite often from this seller.  It's good tape and a good price.  I need a good inexpensive tape and this one fits the bill.
REVIEW: Bright colors
REVIEW: The tape is very sticky and tears easily laterally.
REVIEW: Not the best of tape quality, but the colors are great and its more than worth the price!
REVIEW: This was a great pack of tape, wish the Yellow was a little more yellow. It didn't match what I needed it for.
REVIEW: Son is obsessed with duct tape. Great value for the price
REVIEW: I am using this for moving and labeling my boxes for different rooms. I was fine with lower quality as I was just going for color. It is NOT and feels the SAME as name brand d u c t  tape. I was pleasantly surprised
REVIEW: Great quality, great colors!
REVIEW: Worked fine for me, I needed some tape in a pinch and it did the trick.
REVIEW: Works great for labeling/organizing my different classes’ notebooks
REVIEW: Exactly what I was looking for.
REVIEW: I ordered this to make a Mother’s Day craft with my students. The adhesive is not too sticky, so it was easy for my third graders to cut and manipulate. I felt it was a good value because I have 24 students, and there was enough tape left over for at least two more projects. I love the vivid colors, too!
REVIEW: Good value for the price, but the tape doesn’t stick quite as much as I had hoped. It is also not easy to tear off a piece of tape without getting it stuck to itself. Apart from that, it’s pretty good.
REVIEW: Great product!
REVIEW: As expected. Used colors to mark moving boxes.
REVIEW: Good colors
REVIEW: I LOVE the vibrant colors and wide variety that I got with this pack.
REVIEW: Worth every penny.
REVIEW: 🎁  great value
REVIEW: The colors are spot on. It adheres great so far. Just keep the rolls in a cool space. We left them out and after the sun hitting them it was gooey and harder to cut the tape, still worked though.
REVIEW: Great product! I'm a teacher and use this on my student notebooks.
REVIEW: good colors and fast shipping.
REVIEW: We have various boxes for holidays, etc. and to make identifying them easier, I bought this pack to color code the boxes. Only used scissors to cut, but sturdy and has stuck well. Very pleased and would buy again.
REVIEW: Great stickieness easy to work with. Very versatile
REVIEW: We used different colors to seal totes while we move.  Red means fragile item, put on top. Blue means books or something heavy, a tote that might have others stacked on it.  A good idea to help with packing for our move.
REVIEW: used it to label moving boxes for different rooms of the home.
REVIEW: I loved the bright colors and will be using the tape for various projects.  It is regular duct tape just colored and very pretty.
REVIEW: Made some Rose pens for my office. Unfortunately the duct tape was coming apart. but when you take it off the roll it is very sticky. It's fantastic tape if you're not layering.
REVIEW: Love all the different colors. Used to wrap my Christmas presents. 👍🏽🦋
REVIEW: Didn’t stick very well on my croquet wickets, which are painted metal.
REVIEW: Good value
REVIEW: This was perfect for the project I had... I was even able to pull a strip off that was crooked and it went right back on.
REVIEW: Purchased to color code moving boxes. Exactly as described.
REVIEW: I loved the tape.. I used it to make Halloween candy pinwheels..
REVIEW: Just what I was looking for.  The colors are vibrant.  Thanks
REVIEW: I bought this because we are moving an entire building full of people/offices.  So I wanted to have a different color for each office.  It came to me clean, well wrapped, and in perfect condition.  We have used it on several boxes and it holding up just perfect!  Have ZERO complaints!!
REVIEW: Ordered these specifically to color code and label boxes for our recent move. The adhesion isn’t strong enough to hold the flaps of boxes together, so I do not recommend them for that purpose. However, they worked great for what I ordered them for!
REVIEW: Best value for a pack of colored "duct" tape!!! Rolls didn't skimp and my projects came out perfect!!! True to color.
REVIEW: Excellent. Use these in my classroom to tape their pencils to the desk. Each table is color coded!
REVIEW: Bright colored, good adhesion. Only drawback is that the adhesive liked to come off on my scissors when cutting.
REVIEW: I used this product to label my moving boxes. Good product. Good adhesion. I would purchase again.
REVIEW: This is the second purchase I have made. I use this for EVERYTHING in my classroom. I decorate my tables in my room, make notebooks, decorate pencils, and do crafts. It is the best tape and so easy to use. My kids love the colors. Definitely worth buying!
REVIEW: Love how colorful and sticky the tape is, it's such a colorful add to our classroom and stubborn walls (since no other tape works)
REVIEW: Great for school project.
REVIEW: It's thin and not very good quality, unfortunately.
REVIEW: Will be perfect for out move. Using each color for a different room when we box everything up!
REVIEW: Good Stuff
REVIEW: It does the job as long as you reinforce it. It has a tendency to not adhere to certain things but if you reinforce it with more tape it’ll be fine. Easy to tear. If you buy a name brand you can get away with using less tape but this will require more tape so for the 6 rolls I’d say you’re really get 4.
REVIEW: Product is fine.  We use it to mark tarped and banded units of Tongue & Groove for auctions. Don't know yet how it withstands the weather. Should be fine. Will let you know if it doesn't stick. Thank you
REVIEW: Product was as described and comment was fast!
REVIEW: These are exceptional!!! I created PRIDE rainbows on the ends of 30 aluminum poles to give them a little extra fun. :) They worked great!!! It is time consuming but worth it :) The tape was perfect!
REVIEW: Everything was good, quality, value, delivery.
REVIEW: I love the colors for a life preserver project that I made
REVIEW: I the purchased the Vibrant Duct Tape for "Duct Tape Teambuilding Games -- 50 Fun Activities to Help Your Team Stick Together"  A book I purchased from AMAZON.  The tape is awesome and my teams love the FUN colors.  Thank you!
REVIEW: Great tape! Love the vibrant colors! Perfect for my classroom project!
REVIEW: Great activity for my kids :-) fast and easy shipping, as well as a great price!
REVIEW: My daughter loved the tape and has made several wallets out of it so far.
REVIEW: Great price for colored duct tape. It was just what I was looking for. Sticks on carpet great!
REVIEW: I love the color depth of each duct tape! They were of great use when I needed to help my students distinguish between our 4 different composition notebooks. The colors stand out and is easy for the students to notice the color coded notebooks on part of the spine.
REVIEW: The product is strong yet easy to tear from roll. I use it to delineate totes in my inventory to made what section they need to be offloaded in. Works great, colors are good.
REVIEW: Cool colors but didn’t take to cardboard very well
REVIEW: It was very sticky!
REVIEW: Arrived as expected
REVIEW: It is hard to rib into sections like true duct tape. It is adhesive but not the same
REVIEW: I was wondering where all my duct tape when until I found my kiddos making stuff out of it.  So I bought them colored cheaper duct tape and took mine back.  Mine!
REVIEW: we've used for crafts and to seal air between a window!  Works great!  Beautiful colors!!
REVIEW: I combined this variety pack of duct tape with a book of duct tape projects as a birthday present for an 8 year old.  Before the party was over, the box had been pulled out and the girls were having a great time making cool stuff.  The tape handled well and the girls even figured out how to rip it by themselves. I would recommend this variety pack as part of any duct tape project kit.
REVIEW: I used these to color code boxes to different rooms when moving. It worked well for my intended purpose. I wouldn't use it in place of actual duct tape.
REVIEW: The color were great and the tape stuck solidly.
REVIEW: Bright colors, exactly as described and what I needed
REVIEW: The tape works but it seems like it was old.
REVIEW: This is a great product.  I use the tape for a lot of things and love the different colors.  Arrived quickly!  Would buy again from the seller.
REVIEW: Fantastic tape!! I will purchase again from this seller A++++
REVIEW: Packing identification for moving boxrs
REVIEW: Ordered for a teacher for her classroom. Exactly what she was looking for in terms of colors, etc. Good quality, fast shipping.
REVIEW: Nice product great price
REVIEW: Quick delivery, great colors and price
REVIEW: Minimal packaging, great for labeling clothing for RedBike Outreach distribution to the unhoused.
REVIEW: Worked as advertised.  This was very helpful in the moving process.
REVIEW: Great product
REVIEW: I used these to label boxes for moving (purple for living room items, pink for bedroom items, orange for kitchen, etc.) Worked like a charm!
REVIEW: Awesome product
REVIEW: Great to color code boxes for our upcoming move.
REVIEW: Great
REVIEW: This is pretty colored plastic stripes on a roll with slightly sticky "adhesive" on the back.<br />This stuff does not stick. Not to cardboard, plastic or anything, including itself.<br />But it is colorful, but you need to use cleat tape extending over the top so it will stay put.
REVIEW: Good value very sticky
REVIEW: Great product! Bought for a teacher gift, she loved it!
REVIEW: Just what I was looking for. Thank you!
REVIEW: Perfect for making wallets with our Girl Scouts.
